our darkest moment turned into our
life's mission. You sometimes don't see
the why when it's happening to you, but
something great can come out of the
darkest moments of your life. And we are
here as living proof. We didn't do any
paid media. It wasn't about fancy
seating boxes. It wasn't about like, you
know, the girl with like 2 million
followers. It was the doctors, the
doulas, the midwives, the people who are
experts in their field. word of mouth
through very trusted practitioners. Our
biggest PSA in creating weatal was that
you have a couple months both partners
to step up so you can show up knowing
you put your best foot forward.
This episode is brought to you by
Contentful Marketers. You know that
feeling when your creative clicks? When
that social post sends engagement
through the roof. When your outside of
the box campaign hits ROI positive. When
a personalized homepage turns prospects
into customers. It's utter marketing
bliss. Contentful helps you create
tailored omni channel experiences
without working overtime. No stress, no
limits, only possibilities. Get the
feels at contentful.com.
Vita, welcome to the DTOC podcast. I'm
really excited to uh connect again and
redisuss we natal and your your vision
there. Uh how you doing?
>> Great. Thanks for having me. Excited to
be here.
>> Okay. So let's t take us back to the
beginning. Why did you create we natal?
>> It's a great question and one I never
actually saw on my own road map. And so
what happened was Ron and I met in our
young early single days in our corporate
careers at Nike. I was a senior
marketing director. I grew up there. I
was there from an intern. And I spent 20
years at Nike perfecting like world
class events for athletes, marathons,
races, and thinking through like every
detail to make these athletes better and
stronger. And the irony is when me and
my husband wanted to start trying for a
baby. We literally skipped all the prep
that I knew was like appropriate for
anyone to do anything. And we literally
just went to like we're we're young,
we're healthy, we should just try. And
fast forward, I did get pregnant
actually around the time my best friend
Ron was having her first child. I was
past the first trimester when you're
told that it's safe. I told everybody,
went in for a routine checkup, and I
noticed my OB/GYN's face just drop. And
the room went silent, and I was waiting
to hear a heartbeat, and I saw him. And
sadly, I heard these words that like no
parent to be ever wants to hear. And he
just looked at me and said, "I'm so
sorry. There's no heartbeat." And I I
mean, the gut punch and the devastation
was so real. And really what he told me
was, "It's so common. just keep trying.
And I remember sobbing asking for like,
could it be because of this? Could it be
my work, my stress, the coffee? I too
much coffee. Like I ran through the
gamut. He just like said no to
everything. Was loving yet dismissive.
And he ushered me back through this
waiting room of all these glowing
bellies and I was just sent on my way.
And luckily for me, Ronit was like the
first person, my best friend I went
through. She had just had a baby girl.
So, forget the fact that it like
shattered all my dreams of having a kid
with my best friend and having maternity
leave together and like doing all the
things. She left Nike to work alongside
Dr. Mark Hyman, who's amazing big name
in functional medicine. And she
encouraged me to go on beyond what was
just showing up as normal, my normal
labs. My doctor kept assuring me, you
know, you're fine, you're fine. I dug
deeper because of her. I found out I
have Hashimoto's, which is a thyroid
disorder. I fixed up my eating. I
cleaned, added supplementation, added
some medication. I literally did all the
things and went on to have my healthy
baby girl, Dalia, who is now eight. And
I thought the nightmare was over. I
figured she taught me what I need to
know. I perfected my routine.
>> Fast forward to early 2020. We were
trying at the same time for our second
children and I went in for another
routine checkup only to get that same
devastating no heartbeat. and stopped
dead in my tracks for the second time,
but was again assured that this stuff
just happens and I didn't know better,
so I went along with it. The only thing
that changed this time is a week later,
Roique called me with the same outcome.
So there we were, two best friends who
had actually done all the things. We had
done all the things that people tell us.
We thought we had this perfect care
prenatal and we were, you know, two
losses, two best friends, zero
satisfying answers. There was literally
nothing. And she wasn't willing to
accept that. She's like, I'm not going
to try again unless you tell me there's
something I could do differently. And
so, she went into the research rabbit
hole. She started digging. And Eric, I
remember the day she called me when she
uncovered all this research and she
said, "Did you know men are 50% of
fertility outcomes and men are 50% of
miscarriages and pregnancy loss?" And
it's like so intuitive. It's the biggest
like duh, of course there we know it
takes two to make a baby. But yet I was
there with two losses. My husband was in
the room every single time. No one even
turned to him to ask him a single
question. And I know through all the
self-lame and the guilt and the doubt
that I had that I didn't it didn't even
dawn on me that a single thing that he
did could have caused this. And so while
it is so intuitive, it was mind-blowing
for us. And the additionally the
research showed that antioxidants,
highdose antioxidants could four to five
time improve the likelihood of men
helping their partners conceive and have
a healthy pregnancy. And so those two
pieces of research basically changed our
lives. We were like, "How could it be
that no one's talking about this? How
could it be that no men's prenatal
exists on the marketplace?" As all
founders say, there's a gap in the
marketplace. It was a personal journey
and that stopped us down our track. We
literally, our first concept was a men's
prenatal because no one was talking
about this. And then when we pulled back
the covers of the women's space, we
found that they all fell in two camps.
either super expensive, lot of capsules,
hard consumer experience, and you had to
get it like through a doctor's office,
or super accessible, maybe something you
could get at a convenient or a
drugstore, but the dosages were too low
to make a difference. The forms of the
ingredients were suboptimal. And then
there was a whole paragraph of like
additives, fillers, other junk that
should not be in your vitamins. And we
quickly realized, okay, we need to
reinvent this space. We actually need to
make this a great experience for both
partners. And given our background,
treat fertility like a team sport. One
in which we know like Eric, if you
decided to run a marathon, you wouldn't
sign up today and run tomorrow. You
would get the gear. You would get a
coach, a training plan, find the right
shoes, find the right apparel. You would
do the things so you show up on race day
and don't fall flat. And so our biggest
PSA in creating weatal was that you have
a couple months both partners to step up
and put your best foot forward so you
there's no guarantees in life but you
can show up with the best outcome and
show up knowing you put your best foot
forward. And so the impetus behind we
natal was to create the best supplements
that are clean that are third-party
tested which is a whole third party test
is a whole side note vitamins are the
wild wild west and there's no regulation
and also empower people with resources
education and empowerment which we
weren't given. We found it very
dismissive. We found fertility to be
this black box of misinformation.
>> Totally.
>> And that's essentially that was our why
and we haven't looked back since. Well,
thank you for sharing that. I share uh
you know some challenges in that space
and incredibly psychologically
uh you know traumatizing a little bit
that powerlessness feeling and
especially as the as the guy as well.
It's it's also interesting. I was
recently reading about uh saunas and
cold plunges and how we've just assumed
that they're good for everyone but in
but another study came out and really
drilled in on women and and saw in this
one particular study that cold plunges
were maybe uh not as good. There was the
the shocking aspect of it was bad for
some reasons, but it's just sort of like
a lot of medicine is done with like men
in mind and women are kind of an
afterthought in some ways. I've I've
heard that sentiment across the medical
system. So, it's interesting that what
you've done is kind of flipped it on its
head in a way where we put all this
focus on women, but but kind of let men
off the hook in a lot of ways. I think
this is changing. My friend just got a a
pair of underwear for his sauna that he
wears that has like cooler packs in it
to save for, you know, to like that's
the first product of its kind I've kind
of seen in that space.
>> Well, you're absolutely right. You know,
at Nike, we used to say brands shrink it
and pink it. There was like no thought
for the woman except like the color and
making it smaller. Our biochemistry is
different. Our anatomy is different.
Everything about us is different. Yet,
you're right, the research is not there.
And then for you're right, the irony is
that infertility the sole focus is on
the woman. What she ate, what she drank,
how she slept, you know, her physiology,
but yet literally the male is like in
most counts not even checked until maybe
a year of struggling or more. Maybe if
you're IVF, but also the stats are
alarming that 25% of couples going
through assisted reproductive
technology, the male partner isn't even
checked, which could take a whole
another podcast to say, okay, so you're
putting the wife or the the partner
through medicine, through expensive
procedures, painful procedures. It's not
100% foolproof, and you're not even like
looking at the meal to see if
potentially the other 50% could be
optimized. So there is so much education
that needs to happen in this world, but
we are seeing the tides flip a little
bit. We are seeing male fertility on the
forefront. I don't know if you saw
there's now like people racing people's
sperm against each other and it's like
sperm racers.
>> Oh, I did not see sperm racers.
>> I mean, I think it's fun because for men
it makes it competitive. I think for a
long time sperm was like shameful and
men didn't want to do these tests, but
now it's so accessible. It's a barometer
of your overall health. It is nothing
other than like blood work and you can
check your sperm sperm or semen to
actually just check biomarkers of your
longevity, your health. And what's so
cool for men is you guys are the
superheroes in this equation because
you're generating sperm every second of
the day. 1,500 sperm a second. And so in
about 72 days, about 3 months with diet,
with lifestyle, with these changes, you
could have a completely different
situation than what you started with. I
want to dive in your go to market a
little bit, but talk to me a little bit
about the the state of fertility in the
world. My my sense like almost everyone
I know uh having kids a little bit
later, but most of the people I know are
are going through different, you know,
being very conscious of their fertility.
Maybe they're they're they're using IVF
or but I think it was taken for granted
that you'd just be able to have a kid,
you know, and I think there's so many
people that it's a challenge for these
days.
>> Absolutely. So when we in 2020 when we
incepted we natal one in eight couples
were dealing with infertility and that's
a global issue. It is not something in
certain states in certain countries and
so certain socioeconomic statics. is a
global issue that's happening and when a
few short years later we launched two
years later it's now one in6 is what the
American health organization is saying
that is like literally we all know
somebody and what you realize is it's
multiaceted of course but our birth
rates are dropping below our replacement
rate so between every relationship if
you consider the the replacement rate is
2.1 and most countries now are falling
below 2.1 with like South Korea at 08 8.
The US is about 1.7. We are not making
more humans. So if you care about, you
know, the human population, we could be
an endangered species. We are not
growing at the rate. And there's some
alarming articles saying that like sperm
can be at zero by 2045, which is around
the corner. And so it is a global
fertility crisis. We're seeing
miscarriages on the rise. We're seeing
erectile dysfunction on the rise. We're
seeing all these issues. And of course,
the whole assisted reproductive
technology world is booming. It's a
multi-billion dollar organization and
one that people needed to be educated
and empowered and not just a crutch to
say like, "Oh, I tried. Let's go to
this." There are underlying issues and
that's why we actually just had a panel
with Dr. Natalie Crawford and she said
so beautifully that health and fertility
are handinand. It is one biioarker of
your health. And so it's not okay just
like, oh, when we want to have kids,
let's turn on the fertility check mark.
These are things that we all should be
doing. Nourishing ourselves, movement,
prioritizing sleep, cleaning your home
of toxins, all these things are
parameters for call it longevity, call
it overall wellness, and fertility. And
so we'd like to like people to
understand that it's important no matter
what stage of life you're in. And if
you're ever wanting to consider
children, this problem of this toxic
soup we're living in is sadly helping
the world get more infertile and we need
to do something about it.
>> Entrepreneurs always do better when they
have like a real challenge they're
cracking when yours is like the
continuation of the species. It must be
extra motivating.
>> Extra. And listen, like ours came from
heartbreak and loss. And yeah,
>> you know, I I literally was just telling
a friend like while that was like the
most devastating moment of my life, I'm
so grateful for the those two little
souls that came into me and Ron's world
because if they didn't come for that
short time and if we didn't have those
losses a week apart, we may never have
created Weinatal. And oh, by the way,
we're over 30,000 families that we've
supported to becoming parents. We've
gotten baby shower invites and
ultrasound pictures and literally our
darkest moment turned into our life's
mission.
>> And I share that only to say that like
you sometimes don't see the why when
it's happening to you. You sometimes
really question and doubt. But something
great can come out of the darkest
moments of your life. And we are here as
living proof. And we have now, to your
point, helped thousands and tens of
thousands of babies being born, which
the reason we're in this global
fertility crisis, a lot of good reasons.
You know, women have entered the
workforce, we're going to schooling, and
we're choosing to have kids later in
life. But we're talking about the people
who want to have kids who are
struggling. And if we can help those
populations, we can help overall, you
know, yeah, sounds it sounds dire, but
the the whole world population is at
risk.
>> And help marriages, too. It can be such
a stressful time, such a stressful thing
to go through. And just being able to
take it on as a team, you know, putting
the Wii in prenatal, I think, is such a
such a valuable thing as well, which is
good for your body and your physiology,
but it tackling the challenge together
and being accountable together is going
to help the relationship going into this
situation as well.
>> Couldn't agree more. It makes you more
empowered. You're doing it together and
it strengthens the relationship. And
honestly, what I wish I had because
during the miscarriages, it definitely
strains the relationship. It definitely
the sadness of it and the blame and the
bitterness and the anger all I went
through all the emotions. It could have
been such a more empowering chance to
like look under the hood, improve our
health, improve our lives, and instead
it was met with uncertainty and like
sadness.
>> Okay. You're bent on making this product
and making it better than what you found
with the competitors. talk to me a
little bit about compiling the product
and what went into uh your your MVP, I
guess.
>> Yeah. So, the initial concept was the
prenatal for her and him. We spent two
years um assembling the best medical
board possible because again, we were
two moms from Nike. We did not see this
as like we're going to do this alone. We
assembled the best medical board that
includes Dr. Mark Heyman, Kelly Le,
Bridget Tigamire. I mean really
well-known names in the functional
medicine space and the medicine
fertility space. They spent what we
thought we'd come to market, which I'm
sure a lot of founders can resonate
with. We thought, okay, we'll like it'll
take a few months. We'll formulate and
we'll get going. Took two years to not
only formulate, but find the right
manufacturer that would actually produce
it in small batches without the
additives and fillers. Like we were
adamant about what we wanted to happen,
get the density of like eight capsules
into three. And so what I think
hopefully a lot of founders can resonate
with is that you you think you're
launching next month and next month, but
that that situation took over a year for
us. So we assembled the medical board.
They compiled research of hundreds of
clinical studies, research articles of
the best dosages for men and for women
and the right forms, the right
ingredients. And oh, by the way, we
share all of that on our website. So if
there's ever like why do you have this
much vitamin D and why is it in this
form? We share it. We cite the research
articles like we wanted to build this
from a true place of integrity. What we
wanted to take, what we wish we had. And
so after building the medical board and
then doing the formulation, then came
finding the manufacturer, which took a
long time because a lot of people want
to produce cheaply, which means adding
the stuff to make it go through the
machines easier. And we weren't willing
to do that. And so it took a lot of
trial and error to find a manufacturer
to work with us. And it's operationally
a nightmare. We we do produce in small
batches. Our expiration dates are not
hundreds of years. They're two years.
Like we we really took the burden of it
so that our consumer could have the best
product. And let me be honest, like I
see why big brands don't do it. I now
see why VCbacked companies just want to
produce things quickly, easily, reduce
your margins. And we are bootstrapped.
We literally are doing this without the
concern about the margins because we
want to bring the best, highest quality
product to life without that pressure.
And so we might be growing more
sustainably, but we're so proud of the
product and that's something we'll never
sacrifice.
>> What have been the major growth levers
for the business?
>> Yeah. And that's what's fun to talk
about because we are probably the
non-traditional marketers. Like I think
most of our friends with brands right
now have li rely heavily on paid media.
We didn't do any paid media. We
literally three and a half years in
dabbled with some didn't learn much and
turned it back off. We're like we grew
this thing from a root cause of it
started with our medical board. The Dr.
Mark Heymans of the world started came
gave us a jump out the gate because
people who love and trusted these
medical professionals knew that just
their backing on it meant they're in.
And so we literally started with him,
Kelly Lec, Bridget Tigamire. We started
with our medical board and grew
organically. Believe it or not, Ron and
I would go into OBGYn's offices and
educate them on why we're different, why
we needle exists, why men need to be on
a prenatal. And by the way, most doctors
get very little to no education on
nutrition. So, they were grateful and
receptive. We have some of the biggest
fertility doctors in LA now recommending
us. And so our influencer, if you will,
it wasn't about fancy seating boxes. It
wasn't about like, you know, the girl
with like 2 million followers. It was
the doctors, the doulas, the midwives,
the people who are experts in their
field. And so we penetrated that world
first. And it was word of mouth. And it
was through very trusted practitioners.
Similar to this, Ron and I went on
podcasts. And something that was
actually the most interesting that was
never intentionally made for marketing,
even though we're both marketers coming
from one of the best marketing brands,
Nike. We always knew that like most
medicine, pharmaceuticals, and vitamins
came in very sterile looking bottles.
What I was doing when Ron told me what
to take for my pregnancy journey, I
would hide them in the cabinet and then
I would forget to take them. And they
were all ugly. They were like white ugly
plastic bottles. And so we did want to
reinvent the space and say like, hey,
maybe if it's like nice enough and part
of your lifestyle, you might leave it
out in the kitchen or your bathroom. And
actually, a vitamin is only as good as
if you're going to take it and make
consistency out of it. So from the
start, Ron and I knew that like branding
was super important to us. We work with
one of the best brand designers. We
created these beautiful glass jars and a
refill system. And organically what
happened when people started ordering it
on day one, they got this box with the
her and the him and they just started
posting because it was it was a category
disruptor. It was a vitamin that
probably looked more like a beauty
product or like a perfume or a skin
lotion. It was so beautiful. The logo,
the coloring, and people naturally
shared in a world where like everyone's
pay to play these days, you know? So it
was organic through the packaging and
that became probably one of the biggest
disruptors. It was through experts in
the space, not your typical influencers.
And we didn't pay a single person. It
was all through relationships.
>> And you're selling in maybe not
completely, but two times as much as
someone just marketing to women in a
way, right? Like cuz I bet most often
you're having it bought by for the male
and the female side. And so you're
actually I always think of like the
shampoo uh instructions, wash, rinse,
and then some marketing genius came up
with repeat, which maybe doubled which
maybe doubled their sales as well, which
is you guys have a much better reason
for it, but it must help with AOV when
you're selling to two people rather than
just one.
>> It was and when we launched, we're like,
okay, this is a new category. Will men
even be into this? And like 50% of our
sales to this day are still the together
kit, which is men and women doing this
together. And so and we have 20% men
doing it, you know, alone. And also it
is so empowering to see like this
conversation with men come full circle.
Men are like eager to like see what they
like I always said the men are
well-intentioned. There just wasn't the
focus on them. There was really no
guidance. And now this is a lowhanging
tangible thing that they can do to
support their partners in this huge
moment. And it's not just the genetics
you're giving your kid to get through
like a healthy pregnancy. The genetics
you give them are their lifelong health.
And so if we took a little bit of that
responsibility of this golden time
frame, like of course we should all do
whatever we can. So yes, it definitely
helps the AOV and you know the long-term
value, but what we're also seeing is
that I'm sure you know, Eric, our food
system is just depleted. Even if you're
eating clean, even if you're eating
healthy. And so it is important now more
than ever for your audience listening to
be on a high quality multi no matter
what stage. You could be done having
kids. I still take we needle. I'm done
having kids. But because it's a really
great antioxidant immunity blend and you
really want to make sure you're on
something in this day and age. Our food
is just depleted because our soils are
depleted. If you consider our
grandparents generation, one orange back
then is the equivalent of eating eight
oranges today. So I don't know many
people eating eight oranges. The point
is that you could be eating all organic,
a clean Mediterranean diet, all the
things, and still not be getting enough.
And I guess that's one of my questions
for you is because you've got um you've
got people for this period, maybe three
months, maybe longer, maybe it's a year
if they're if they're continually
trying, maybe they restart it when
they're trying to have children again.
But what are your thoughts on bridging
this into a post-natal uh supplement or
something or or a or a children's
multivitamin for when their kids grow
up? What are what you're thinking on how
to expand the line?
>> It's a great question. So two things on
the women's side. Weatal was
specifically formulated as a postnatal
and that is a big important note that
people should take. A lot of people
think, okay, I had the baby. I'm going
to stop taking my vitamins. You are
arguably more depleted at birth because
you've just had a baby. You're now
sleepd deprived. You're likely waking
up. You might be breastfeeding. Whatever
the case may be, both mom and dad are
now needing the nourishment more than
ever. And so our prenatal was formulated
for pre- during and post. And some
articles actually say postpartum for
women could last like 7 to 10 years. It
takes a while for your body to recover
from birth and like feeding and all the
things. For men, it's equally as
important. You're now a caregiver.
You're now most likely helping, waking
up, whatever the case may be. And we
needle for him was designed to be
antioxidant support and a multi. And
most people, most of the men have stayed
on it simply because they feel better.
They have energy, mental focus, better
libido, the regrowth of hair, like they
are exhibiting signs of overall health.
And that's what people also need to know
that like fertility is not a check the
box for this time of life. It is a
biioarker of your overall health. And so
staying on high dose and it doesn't have
to be anal, but I want everyone to know
that staying on high dose antioxidants
and vitamins is going to help your
overall longevity, your health, your
wellness, your immunity. And so it has
been a game changer to see the men stay
on it even when their partners are um
pregnant. Women stay on it for years
after. And yeah, I mean our average
woman's over 12 months with us. So you
mentioned the organic growth from you
know sort of originating out from the
board and a lot of the the sort of
ground tactics that you you had sort of
going in and working with doctors and
and getting their approval between then
and your 30,000th family helped. Are you
now running ads or what what what would
have been your your biggest growth
levers beyond the uh organic
>> ads? We tried it three and a half years
in we're like you know like we should do
this. we now have like a little more
revenue coming like let's try this
thing. It flopped so heavily for us. I
just think we gave creative freedom to
an agency. We didn't have anyone in
house as like we're still pretty scrappy
and I don't know if the creative didn't
resonate. I don't know if like people
need to obviously with something like
our world you've heard the marketing
like they need to see it seven times
which I believe to be true as a
marketer. However, in our world, it's
increasingly important because it's
something you're ingesting or while
you're pregnant or trying to have a kid,
it's like such a sensitive time frame. I
always tell our customer service team,
our warehouse, I'm like, "This is not
just toothpaste. If people miss a day of
their vitamins, they freak out." And so,
like, our customer care and also back to
the ads, like it needs to be genuine.
And so, while we had amazing creators
and all that, it it didn't land. And it
wasn't really we did it to try. Where I
think we're getting the most traction,
our emails are incredible. I think what
our brand is always been about was
education, providing education. So, a
few things that really moved the needle
for us this past year, we have invested
heavily on experts writing blogs for us.
And so, blogs on every hot topic. Can I
have coffee when I'm, you know,
pregnant? Can I like all these, you
know, GLP1s in pregnancy? That's a hot
topic. Anything. So, we'll it won't be
from us. It will be from leading
fertility specialists, leading doctors,
leading nutritionists, dieticians. So,
we curate really informative article
pieces. We also created a fertility
masterclass last year,
wrenatal.com/masterclass
where we had a free 11 episodes by
trusted experts across the nation. We
had a male reproductive urologist. We
had an OB/GYN. We had a fertility
doctor, a mindset coach, a biohacker, a
pediatrician to show that like what
things we see in kids can actually start
when in womb, right? We talked to 11
experts across the field of fertility
and overall health and gave that for
free and that was an amazing um email
acquisition for us and then we were able
to nurture the people through our
emails. We also have found ways to do
amazing panels like just two nights ago
we hosted a top OBGWN Dr. and Ali
Crawford and Bridget Tigamire to talk
about overall wellness and you know myth
busting infertility and wellness and so
I think the number one route is
education in different formats whether
it's online digital whether it's in
person whether it's short Instagram
reels whenever we do something about
men's health or sperm the shares go
through the roof which obviously tells
you we have a huge female audience who's
like passing that along and so it's not
revolutionary It's not like we're doing
anything, but we are spending less in
the traditional like paytoplay where we
don't want to compete with our
competitors who have like $40 million in
VC money. We will never win there. But
what's proven is that like the time Ron
and I and our team spends in doctor's
offices, spends with practitioners. We
had one top fertility doctor in LA
recommending a very subpar prenatal just
that he didn't know better. And once we
sat with him, showed him the research,
we showed him the we needle difference,
to this day, a couple weeks in, he's
like, I've recommended every single
person to we needle going forward. And
so it's been relationships over
everything else. Cuz also the
relationships have unlocked incredible
podcasts such as yourself, incredible PR
opportunities, incredible SEO
mediadriven articles, and we've gotten
on lists because people, we sent the
product, they loved it. And so I'd say
it's relationships and the product being
of high integrity. And what we realized
is like customers who love it will take
it to their acupuncturist, show them the
label, and the acupuncturist who knows
how to read labels is like, "Oh yeah,
this is comprehensive. I recommend five
five of these things separately. This
puts it all in one." And so just in the
inherent nature of the formula in
combining it, making people's lives
easier. And it's been incredible. at the
supplement space is I I uh come back a
long a long ago from the uh performance
marketing space or the affiliate space
and supplements are are in some ways
they're the holy grail for marketers
necessarily who don't always want to put
as much attention into product. You know
there's so many supplements that are
sold aggressively and in aggressive
marketing funnels. you guys have taken
the totally the opposite approach where
you've, you know, so focused so heavily
on the quality of the of the ingredient,
focused so heavily in integrity in how
you've marketed it. I'm just curious
about what how you feel about being in
this space when you see some of the
lengths competitors will do will do to
achieve massive scale on lower quality
products.
>> I mean, if I'm honest as a human, it's
infuriating, but I also like
competition. I came from Nike where it's
like all competition is great. It makes
us all better, all boats rise. So in
some what kills me in the marketing is
when it's not truthful, right? When it's
the smoke and mirrors and they're
telling you to look here but behind the
label is a awful. So I don't even
advocate for people to take weatal. I
advocate for people to do their own
research. That is the biggest thing I
could tell you. No matter where you are
in your life, whether it's like just
overall wellness, you have to like one
know your body and two do your own
research. It could be a bag of chips.
Turn back the label and see does it have
seed oils? What is it fried in? What
kind, you know, like you need to in this
day and age, there's so much flashy
marketing. One of our top competitors,
like I mentioned, has 40 plus million in
VC funding. Their marketing is epic. I
can truly appreciate it as a marketer,
but when you turn back the label, the
dosages, there's 12 ingredients. We have
24. We wouldn't leave out a single
ingredient. The dosages are too little
to make a difference, but it's a sexy
brand, so it's probably the leading
prenatal out there. And is it hard to
digest? Yeah, because I'm a competitive
person and I want to be in front of all
them, but we don't have the same
funding. But we've been profitable from
day one. We've 2x our business every
single year. And again, we're only four
years in, but like we're growing this
thing the right way. And we have no one
to answer to. And I think that's sexy.
Like not having I have friends who have
VC money. and the amount of pressure to
not only keep fundraising, but also to
always turn a profit, to always reduce
your margins. And I'm not saying that
stuff isn't important, but I'm not
compromising the quality of our product.
I don't care. I don't want to make it
cheaper. I will cut costs on the box or
things around it, but we're also not
spending hundreds of thousand dollars on
paid media and all these things that
other brands are doing. So the integrity
of the product could be high and we
could grow slower, but it's in my
opinion the right way to grow. It's hard
as a competitive person. There are
moments where you feel defeated, but you
just it's it's kind of like in your own
fragility journey. It's easy to look
left and right and be like, "Oh, but my
friend literally eats fast food and does
drugs and had a kid so easily and look,
their kid is fine." And you kind of
can't look left or right. Everyone's
fertility journey is their own. And same
with entrepreneur. There's no
one-sizefits-all for anyone brand.
You're right. There is a lot of smoke
and mirrors in the vitamin space, which
is why all we could do is like educate
people. Look for third party testing.
Look for other ingredients. Look for
brands that are transparent about the
formula and the ingredients and the why.
And then the consumer decides. But it's,
you know, we have good days and bad days
and we're human and of course it's like
really hard when the marketing is not
genuine. But
>> but you but again the sky they this the
scale that they're achieving it doing it
the right way will be possible for you
as well and it'll just maybe it might
take longer and it might but it'll be
lasting because it'll have all this
authenticity behind it.
>> It's like like the book I read to my
kids right like the slow and steady
turtle turtle will win the race and
that's how I feel. That's right.
>> But sometimes it is stressful and it is
like annoying or like you do get all
these customers who come to you oh but I
heard this and it's complete
misinformation. So, as just any of us as
customers in our everyday lives outside
of being entrepreneurs, you got to like
do the homework yourself. Like I trust a
few integral people on internet and I
try to weed out the rest. Like I don't
listen to everybody cuz every day
they're like you need this in your
wellness routine and this is now toxic
for you. The thing that you thought was
good for 5 years is now the worst thing
ever. And like science keeps changing
but if you listen to everyone you could
get overwhelmed really quick. So have a
few trusted advisors, friends, even
social media. Follow integrity and it'll
all pan out. To your point, slow and
steady will win.
>> What's next for We Natal? Do you uh any
new products, channels, or bets you're
making in 2026?
>> Yes. I think you know the newest
product, which Eric, I don't know if
you've tried. We we're trying to
simplify wellness cuz it is
overwhelming. So, the latest product
that just came out like a month or two
ago was our protein plus, which
essentially took our full scale
prenatal, added 20 grams of grass-fed
whey protein and collagen, which is very
important for pregnancy and post. We
have a his and a her. And so, the idea
was to to do things like there's people
that can't swallow pills. There's people
that have that nausea or first trimester
nausea, they can't eat. So, we're really
listening to our consumers. The other
thing in VC brands, I'm not sure if you
realize, is not only do they like choke
it down your throat, but they also
launch a product every three seconds,
and you don't know what to believe
anymore. So, our products have been one
or two a year, very intentional, and we
will only launch it if it's something
that we truly believe doesn't exist on
the market. And so I think it's just
more what we're hearing from our
consumers is like to your point maybe
postpartum phase of life is there things
that we need there that we haven't
touched or really helping our consumers
continue to thrive before during and
after kids and what products don't exist
that we will get to. And so yeah we will
have one or two launches this year that
will be very strategic and important
opportunities for our customer but
nothing just to add to your cart just
because we want to make more money.
That's That's not our intention.
>> No cooling underwear uh on the road map
for 2026.
>> I do recommend it. I do recommend it if
>> apparently the science is clear.
>> Yeah, it's so good because sperm is so
sensitive to to to heat.
>> It's funny if it's on a podcast, guys
will take anything. I I was I was
looking at methylene blue the other day
and I'm like, do I want to start taking
fish tank cleaner? But apparently it's
really good for you.
>> Apparently with the blue tongue and all.
I've seen people do it. It's a big thing
in the wellness space.
>> Yeah. Well, I want to thank you for
coming on the podcast and I hope anyone
in our audience uh who's, you know, on
this journey will will go take a look at
your website. Uh we it's weal.com.
>> Correct.
>> And uh and yeah, thanks for taking the
time today. This was really awesome.
>> Pleasure. And if anyone has any
questions, you can email us anytime,
carrot or DM us
on Instagram and we answer every single
question and want to support anyone. So
>> nice.
>> It was nice chatting. Thank you, Eric.
>> Yeah, you too, Vita. Have a great rest
of your 2026. Maybe we'll catch up uh
towards the end of the year and see how
you doing.
>> I would love it.
>> Thanks so much for listening to today's
episode. If you're not a subscriber to
our newsletter, you can do that right
now at direct toconsumerall oneword.co.
I'm Eric Dick and this has been the DTOC
podcast. We'll see you next time.